Update using-assets.md (#1366)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/administration/using-assets.md

## Use custom assets in the Administration

> After adding your assets to the `public/bundles` folder, you can start using your assets in the Administration. Basically, you just need to our `asset` filter. Please note, that [Vue filters](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/filters.html) are no feature of Vue3 anymore and therefore won't work in Shopware 6.6 and above as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding your assets to the `public/bundles` folder, you can start using them in the Administration. Simply utilize the `asset` filter.

:::warning
Note that [Vue filters](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/filters.html) are no longer supported in Vue3 and therefore they will not function in Shopware versions 6.6 and above.
:::
```
